what's with the jeans Hitler in it I
can't I mean I can't mean what do you
see right now a train yeah I don't even
see these sex actually in this thing
maybe it's not Hitler porn you're right
guys I'm putting the color unfortunately
that's right you're right I think it's
not Hitler porn if you find some Hitler
pouring please send it to us your mom's
podcast at gmail like we can't use this
week what do we have we have a this was
hence the so this starts okay this is so
bizarre
why don't you describe what's going on
here okay me yeah I'm gonna be careful
with that video we have a camera we we
weren't able to to show any of it I can
show you this actually this distant I
can show you do you see that yeah okay
so yeah
so what do you see there beloved this is
in a porno okay okay so you tell us okay
okay so Hitler it's a photograph of
Hitler framed if your frames big one
mm-hmm okay okay so black I suck his
ding-dong and she just licked Hitler's a
phase she's spitting on it
this is definitely she's aggressively
sucking yeah this is Hitler porn this is
reporting this qualifies she spit on
this photo like by the way she keeps
saying my my Fuhrer my Fuhrer
yeah I don't think she was saying it
correctly the Fuhrer yeah is that the
time you want me to make yes
my like a cartoon yeah so I don't know
if you're interested in knowing where
that letting goes yeah where does that
go I'm gonna make a few guesses tell me
what you think happens well she started
sucking Hitler's Peter well to be black
could be clear it's a black guy's penis
that we poked through the fillers mouth
right in the photo yeah right okay yeah
okay what do you think it goes I think
the Peter goes in her regime do you
think it stays through the frame the
entire time no where does it go you
think what goes in her inner giant and
then takes it out of the fears oh and
then they just have regular sex sure
that seems kind of boring
maybe I'm boring porn try why I don't
receive all the porno emails you know
what I mean yeah we do really appreciate
you that they're always like hey Tom
something here for you to watch for your
eyes only and then you go here's
something to watch enjoy it oh she has a
swastika armband John hmm I didn't
realize that that's how it ties in the
theme I was wondering how they're gonna
tie it all together so and that's why
she's so exciting where she goes ah oh
she's so excited so excited yeah she has
the badge
it doesn't look authentic it looks like
maybe the art department of a porno
movie made it so you know we found it we
found what we were looking for I'm so
happy I feel so complete I was worried
we wouldn't find any with the help of
our listeners anything is possible
thank you for helping us find my Fuhrer
porn it takes a Nazi village